The aim of this project was to create a website using visualizations related to the API-weather-analysis-and-vacation-planning project repo (plotting weather data from 500+ cities across the globe, plotting some common weather measurements vs. city latitude). The website contains individual pages for each plot, with explanations for each and functional navigation between pages. The website was created using HTML, and CSS (style.css). The website works at all window sizes and changes accordingly when the screen shrinks. The website (https://cayelsie.github.io/Web-design-challenge/) includes:

1. A landing page (index.html) that contains an explanation of the project and links to every visualization

2. Visualization pages with plots and description for temperature (temperature.html), humidity (humidity.html), cloudiness (cloudiness.html), and wind speed (wind_speed.html).

3. A comparisons page that contains all four visualizations at a reasonable size so they can be easily compared (comparison.html).

4. A data page that contains a table housing all of the data used in the plotting and analysis. This page was generated by using pandas in a jupyter notebook (weather_data.ipynb) and converting the data to html format (weather_data.html).

5. A functional navigation bar that has a main button on the left side that allows the user to return to the landing page, a dropdown menu of all of the visualizations, and links to the comparisons and data pages. This navigation bar appears on every page and shrinks accordingly (while still being functional) when the screen shrinks. 